FF123 HTTP 103 Early Hints supported for Preload (#31972)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/123/index.md

### HTTP

> - The [`103 Early Hints`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/103) HTTP [information response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#information_responses) status code is enabled for [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) resources that the page is likely to need resources from while the server is still preparing the full response.

Reviewer: Minor reword suggestion, what do you think?

```suggestion
- The [`103 Early Hints`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/103) HTTP [information response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#information_responses) status code is enabled that allows [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) resources that the page will need while the server is preparing the final response.
```

Reviewer: And I guess we could also link to preconnecting if you like, i.e.; "that allows [preconnecting](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preconnect) to domains or [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) resources that..."

Author: Ah, you've missed the context. This header has been supported for several releases for preconnecting. This release adds support for preloading. That's why it is written this way and your version is incorrect/insufficient. I'll add a note below that preconnection is already supported.

Reviewer: Great, thanks for clarifying!

> - The [`103 Early Hints`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/103) HTTP [information response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#information_responses) status code is enabled for [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) resources that the page is likely to need resources from while the server is still preparing the full response.

Author: ```suggestion
- The [`103 Early Hints`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/103) HTTP [information response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#information_responses) status code is now enabled for [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) resources that the page is likely to need while the server is still preparing the full response.
```

>   This can significantly reduce page load time.

Author: ```suggestion
  This can significantly reduce page load time.
  Note that support for using the `103 Early Hints` header for [preconnecting](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preconnect) was added in Firefox 120](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/120#http).
```

### HTTP

- The [`103 Early Hints`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/103) HTTP [information response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#information_responses) status code is now enabled for [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) resources that the page is likely to need while the server is still preparing the full response.
  This can significantly reduce page load time.

>   Note that support for using the `103 Early Hints` header for [preconnecting](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preconnect) was added in Firefox 120](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/120#http).

Author: ```suggestion
  Note that support for using the `103 Early Hints` header for [preconnecting](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preconnect) was added in [Firefox 120](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Releases/120#http).
```
